{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\deff0\deflang1049\deflangfe1049{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset204{\*\fname Arial;}Arial CYR;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\b\f0\fs24 Version 1.3.6 (by \lang1033\f1 Johan Bontes, \lang1049\f0 Anton Alisov)\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\tx360\cf1\fs20 Now compatible with Delphi \lang1033\f1 XE2\lang1049\f0 -\lang1033\f1 XE3.\lang1049\f0\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf0\par
Version 1.3.5 (by Anton Alisov)\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\tx360\cf1\fs20 Now compatible with Delphi newer than Delphi 5. Allows profiling of code, written for Delphi 2009, 2010, XE (uses CastaliaDelphiParser by Jacob Thurman to parse new Delphi syntax).\fs24\par
\fs20{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Partial support for the new Delphi project options format (.dproj). Old format (.dof) is still also supported.\fs24\par
\cf0\b0\fs20{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Doesn\rquote t crash at startup if there is no old version of Delphi (version 2-7) installed on the machine.\b\fs24\par
\b0\fs20{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}After scanning the project the full list of all not found units is shown. Allows to fix project search paths if needed.\b\fs24\par
\b0\fs20{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Integration with Delphi IDE is not working for Delphi newer than Delphi 7 due to major registry keys structure changes in Delphi.\b\fs24\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\li360\tx360\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar Version 1.3.4 (internal release)\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\li360\tx360\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar Version 1.3.3\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\tx360\cf1\fs20 Total time (procedure+children) was calculated incorrectly for recursive procedures. Fixed.\cf0\b0\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Now compatible with Delphi 5.\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\b\fs24\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Version 1.3.2\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\tx360\cf1\fs20 Fixed long-standing bug that caused corrupted profile file when profiling large projects.\cf0\b0\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added setting to control instrumentation of pure assembler procedures. They are not instrumented by default anymore.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed yet another bug related to output directory processing.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed yet another parser bug. Sometimes units were not properly parsed after instrumentation, which could cause various instrumentation-related problems.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed bug in conditional directives processing. VERxxx was not defined if user never opened Preferences dialog.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Parser changed to be more compatible with Delphi parser (which allows \{$ENDIF<\} (and variations) to be written instead of \{$ENDIF\}).\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed bug in nested $IFDEF parsing.\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\b\fs24\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Version 1.3.1\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\tx360\b0\fs20 Parser bug fixed: \{$I *.INC\} syntax was not processed correctly and caused unit with that directive not to be parsed.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Web-based forum created and hosted by Lars Akerman, author of CGI Expert. Visit {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.cgiexpert.com/scripts/externalforum.exe?forumname=gpprofile"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.cgiexpert.com/scripts/externalforum.exe?forumname=gpprofile}}}\f0\fs20 .\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added menu entries for quick access to mailing list and support forum.\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\par
\b\fs24{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Version 1.3\fs20\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\tx360\cf1 Support for DLL profiling added!\cf0\b0\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Profiling starts when DLL is loaded and stops when DLL is unloaded.\par
\cf1\b{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Support for package profiling added!\cf0\b0\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Profiling starts when package is loaded and stops when package is unloaded.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Parser bug fixed. Code, instrumented with \i\{$IFDEF GpProfile\}\i0  markers could not be uninstrumented. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Parser bug fixed. Sometimes GpProfile could not find all files, included in the parsed project.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Parser bug fixed. Named used units were not found if path started with '\\' character (example: test in '\\dev\\test.pas').\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Small command line parser bug fixed.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed several bugs related to output directory processing.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Better handling of ComCtl32 version problems.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Better error handling in file access procedures.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Better error handling in client module (gpprof.pas).\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Source preview window is refreshed after instrumentation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Included are few fixes, contributed by Fr\'e9d\'e9ric Libaud, flibaud@club-internet.fr.\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720 Fixed incorrect behaviour when output directory was a relative path.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Slight parser speedup.\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\par
\b\fs24{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Version 1.2.1\fs20\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\tx360\b0 Parser bug fixed. $IFOPT compiler directive was not recognised and could cause wrongly instrumented source that couldn't be automatically uninstrumented.\b\par
\b0{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Parser bug fixed. Sometimes units were excluded even if they were not listed in \i Excluded units\i0  list.\b\par
\b0{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Parser bug fixed. \i External\i0  procedure declarations were incorrectly recognised as procedure headers.\b\par
\b0\i{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Park\i0  button added to title bar.\b\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\par
\fs24{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Version 1.2\fs20\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\tx360\b0 Conditional compilation is fully supported!\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}GpProfile now ignores all text following final \b end\b0\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}New menu entry in Delphi's Tools menu: GpProfile - Remove instrumentation\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed bug in TGpArrowListView (arrows were not drawn correctly)\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed bug in Instrument&Run and Run (sometimes GpProfile crashed instead of running Delphi)\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed bug when fetching library search path from registry.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Exporting slightly polished\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Color of background in source preview window is now shown correctly\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Small bugs in layout manager fixed\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Caller/Called views are resized proportionally when form is resized\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed bug when GpProfile would select wrong version of Delphi for a new project\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\b\fs24\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Version 1.1\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\tx360\b0\fs20 Added ability to display and browse caller/called statistics\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added ability to show/hide Source Preview window\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Source preview is now syntax highlighted (thanks to Martin Waldenburg and his TmwCustomEdit/TmwPasSyn components)\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}New free component used: TRotateLabel by J\'f6rg Lingner\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Full source package includes help, generated with Time2HELP\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Context sensitive help, accessible with F1 key\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Program history included in About box\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Due to new user interface layout all your layout settings will be lost; sorry\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\par
\b\fs24{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Version 1.0.1\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\tx360\b0\fs20 Fixed two stupid bugs that made profiling almost impossible\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added \b limited\b0  support for $INCLUDE directive; included files are parsed but procedures in them cannot be instrumented\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Executable renamed to GPPROF.EXE due to occasional installation problems\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\par
\b\fs24{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Version 1.0\fs20\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\tx360\b0 First official release\par
}
 